Allow configuration of passthrough during BaseResponse construction (#558)
getsentry/responses: README.rst

    responses.add_passthru(re.compile("https://percy.io/\\w+"))

> Lastly, you can use the ``passthrough`` argument to the ``BaseResponse`` constructor
> to enable a response to behave as a pass through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, you can use the ``passthrough`` argument of the ``Response`` object
to force a response to behave as a pass through.
```
